README.md, before:

# Rails Saas Boilerplate
Create a sass app using rails really faster than normal.

## The motivation
Every time I had to start a new project I always had to install almost the same gems and have it configured. So the idea of this project is to have a starting point to build anything I need focusing only on the business rules and actual code instead of doing repetitive boring tasks.

## Implemented Features
- Authentication using `devise`.
- Authorization using `pundit`.
- Usage of Vite to handle assets/js/css files on the `frontend` folder.
- Usage of Flowbite/Tailwind to facilitate the implementation of beautiful components.
- Specs ready to go with `rspec`, `factory_bot`, `shoulda_matcher` and `simplecov`.
- CI using github actions.

## The Big difference
This project has a few differences from a regular new Rails project the main ones are:

1. Usage of the `vite_rails` gem to handle css/js/images assets instead of the `sprockets`
   1. All js/css/images/etc files should be created inside the `app/frontend` folder. This way vite will process it accordingly.
   2. Vite also provides helpers to facilitate the usage of our assets on the app
2. It came with pre configured authentication and authorization for users and admins, which is being handled by devise/pundit.
3. It has specs configured and executed by rspec/factory_bot.

Commit message:

add rename script to improve dev experience

README.md, after:

# Boilerplate
Create a sass app using rails really faster than normal.

## The motivation
Every time I had to start a new project I always had to install almost the same gems and have it configured. So the idea of this project is to have a starting point to build anything I need focusing only on the business rules and actual code instead of doing repetitive boring tasks.

## Implemented Features
- Authentication using `devise`.
- Authorization using `pundit`.
- Usage of Vite to handle assets/js/css files on the `frontend` folder.
- Usage of Flowbite/Tailwind to facilitate the implementation of beautiful components.
- Specs ready to go with `rspec`, `factory_bot`, `shoulda_matcher` and `simplecov`.
- CI using github actions.

## The Big difference
This project has a few differences from a regular new Rails project the main ones are:

1. Usage of the `vite_rails` gem to handle css/js/images assets instead of the `sprockets`
   1. All js/css/images/etc files should be created inside the `app/frontend` folder. This way vite will process it accordingly.
   2. Vite also provides helpers to facilitate the usage of our assets on the app
2. It came with pre configured authentication and authorization for users and admins, which is being handled by devise/pundit.
3. It has specs configured and executed by rspec/factory_bot.

## Getting started
I have being using this boilerplate on a Mac with ARM proccessor and Docker to get postgres db running. So here's the steps to get it up running.

- Make sure you have postgres running, I do it running docker like: `docker run --name postgres -e POSTGRES_USER=pedro -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -v postgres:/var/lib/postgresql/data -p 5432:5432 -d postgres`

- Go to the `bin/setup` file and change the `APP_NAME` var to the name you desire, ex: `sample_project`

- On your terminal run the `bin/setup` script

- On your terminal run the `bin/dev` script

- Visit `http:localhost:3000` and have some fun.
